🕊️ Migration `PPOv2` -> `PPO` (#2174)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/detoxifying_a_lm.mdx

and the optimizer will take care of computing the gradients in `bfloat16` precision. Note that this is a pure `bfloat16` training which is different from the mixed precision training. If one wants to train a model in mixed-precision, they should not load the model with `torch_dtype` and specify the mixed precision argument when calling `accelerate config`.

> - Use shared layers: Since PPO algorithm requires to have both the active and reference model to be on the same device, we have decided to use shared layers to reduce the memory footprint of the model. This can be achieved by specifying `num_shared_layers` argument when calling `create_reference_model` function. For example, if you want to share the first 6 layers of the model, you can do it like this:

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
- Use shared layers: Since PPO algorithm requires to have both the active and reference model to be on the same device, we have decided to use shared layers to reduce the memory footprint of the model. This can be achieved by specifying `num_shared_layers` argument when calling the `create_reference_model()` function. For example, if you want to share the first 6 layers of the model, you can do it like this:
```

> - Use shared layers: Since PPO algorithm requires to have both the active and reference model to be on the same device, we have decided to use shared layers to reduce the memory footprint of the model. This can be achieved by just speifying `num_shared_layers` argument when calling `create_reference_model` function. For example, if you want to share the first 6 layers of the model, you can do it like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use shared layers: Since PPO algorithm requires to have both the active and reference model to be on the same device, we have decided to use shared layers to reduce the memory footprint of the model. This can be achieved by specifying `num_shared_layers` argument when calling `create_reference_model` function. For example, if you want to share the first 6 layers of the model, you can do it like this:
```
